welcome to the 65th Primetime Emmy
Awards tonight we celebrate the best of
television for our younger audience
that's the thing you watch on your
phones we're here to honor the best and
the brightest talents in our industry
they're responsible for the programs
that this year made us laugh made us cry
and for the front row made them rich
we've got a big show planned for you
tonight well we're here in the Nokia
Theatre we've got 17 cameras 20
musicians 200 crew members backstage and
over 6,000 people in the audience not to
mention cheer yourself we've made it
not to mention that over 30 million
people around the world will see this
broadcast and why not these are
remarkable times for television the
content has never been more varied the
viewing has never been more easier you
can now watch TV on your TV on your
laptop on your mobile device you can buy
on your watch you can run the Google
glass you can Matt back right now I'm
actually watching an episode of American
Horror Story Asylum on my contact lenses
this past year MoMA sorry-sorry
pause damn pause got it sorry this past
year in my opinion it's been one of the
greatest in television history truly and
it's all thanks to everyone in this room
it's true it's a historic here that well
think about it there's something for
everyone for every madman there's a
madwoman
for every smash there's a splash
well I don't said don't join land for
every for every Walter White there's an
orange is the new black or as Paula Dina
has to call it orange is the new
african-american not soon enough
good
that's a good one Neal you're doing
great what you're doing great
oh hey thanks hey it's last year's host
names Jimmy Kimmel everybody thanks
Jimmy thank you that did really really
like the tone you're setting big thumbs
up from everyone in our row cool thanks
thanks thanks do you're kind of in the
middle of getting the fright right don't
mind me I'll just be right here cheering
you on okay great thanks thanks uh
television has never actually been more
historic you now can get it
could we get a timeout for a second I
could just give you in just like a
smidge of advice sure just look around
and take it all in I mean enjoy every
second of this because I mean there's a
good chance they won't ask you back next
year got it thanks thanks sis yeah you
can go back your seat no you know just
something to think about I get it yeah
they didn't ask Jane linch back is what
I'm saying
Wow they didn't ask me back and um look
I want to tell you why I wasn't asked
back I wasn't asked back because I'm a
woman
nope
dude come on I don't think anyone that
watched you host that night thought of
you as a woman I'm gonna show you how
much of a woman I am right here right
now on this stage Harris I wouldn't like
it Lynch I would like it less
alright guys guys guys guys guys I got
this I got this all right yeah Jimmy
Fallon do you you can get you gotta do a
song and dance no I don't get it for the
Tony's been a little tippy tap him over
that I'm I am NOT gonna do anything like
that
okay that is far too gay look I think
you're all forgetting a simple fact I
hosted the Emmys before any of you not
before me you didn't Conan O'Brien
hi hosted the Emmys twice twice back
when it meant something waiting - the
year was 2000 . - back then an Emmy
broadcast was watched by over 900
billion people those were simpler times
there was no honey bee boo people had
plenty of storage and they didn't fight
wars over it and there was no internet
you had to pay for pornography yes those
were the days I tell you back then a
host was a God above the law now look at
us a bunch of amateurs hoping to get a
selfie with the guys from duck dynasty
okay stop stop stop this is ridiculous
it's all going according to my plan
I was promised the hosting job this year
and they turned me down they said they
wanted someone more likeable really look
at that parade of blabbering buffoons
they couldn't host a child's birthday
party getting them all to sabotage Neil
was almost too easy but I believe the
cherry on the proverbial sundae is about
to be served
okay okay got it
fine Richard listen stop stop guys
guys enough I am doing the show all
right clear the stage thank you please
unless anyone else has any more crazy
advice for me yeah
oh of course you do take your pants up
take your pants off and twerk it yeah
work Matt - argh I've come to award
shows for the twerking no stop
no parking I am NOT I am NOT twerking
I'm not gonna do that that would be
degrading yeah it might be degrading but
we would be de grateful why you guys
have 3d glasses huh so I can see your
business up close no fph take those
pants off America wants to see what
you're working with no no you guys you
guys think you know what America wants
then why don't you get up here and kick
things off ladies and gentlemen our
first two presenters from Parks and
Recreation 30 rock and the bit we just
completed please welcome Tina Fey and
Amy Poehler